Add load balancer, and quick start documentation. (#3)
microservices-march/platform: docs/quick-setup.md

# Quick Setup

> > **Note**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:**
```

> This repository is meant to hold the shared infrastructure for the demo architecture.
> Starting up the entire system including the applications is not part of its role, but instructions are included here for simplicity.

## Prerequisites
> **Warning**

> > For the quick start to work, you must clone all the service repositories into the same directory as shown below

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Warning:**
For the quick start to work, you must clone all the service repositories into the same directory as shown below
```
It's a big enough section that I think leaving the Warning note in quotes is just going to make people skip it altogether

```bash
── microservices_march

>     ├── messenger
>     ├── notifier
>     └── platform <-- you are here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── messenger
  ├── notifier
  └── platform <-- you are here
```
I like two spaces instead of four but that's just because I live and breath through YAML standards. Feel free to ignore this suggestion :)

Author: I also prefer two spaces.  Not sure what I was doing here. I think I was just trying to mimic the output of `tree` that I used to generate this.

```

For example:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```bash
```
Spaces must be left before code blocks, or at least that's what my linter insists on 🙃

mkdir microservices_march

cd microservices_march

git clone git@github.com:microservices-march/messenger.git
git clone git@github.com:microservices-march/notifier.git

> git clone git@github.com:microservices-march/platform.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/microservices-march/messenger.git
git clone https://github.com/microservices-march/notifier.git
git clone https://github.com/microservices-march/platform.git
```
Your original code will fail unless users have setup git to access GitHub via ssh

Author: Interesting - TIL that that's the suggested thing for public consumption.  I don't think I've ever used the HTTPS option but let's do whatever is most compatible.

cd platform
```

All the following commands assume that you have this directory structure. The quick start will not work if you deviate.
The name of the parent directory can be whatever you'd like.

## Starting the Demo Architecture

> The following command will start all the services and shared infrastructure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following command will start all the services and shared infrastructure:
```
![](https://media.giphy.com/media/aDgHUvUC5oGoU/giphy.gif)

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.full-demo.yml up --abort-on-container-exit -d
```

> > **Note**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:**
```

> See that we set `--abort-on-container-exit`. This is because we need all services to be up and running, but docker-compose will happily start up just the services it can if you do not pass this flag. This can lead to confusing failures.

At this point, all the services, their databases, and the shared infrastructure is up and running. However, we need to set up the database schemas and sample data for the services.

> ## Set up the Databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup the Databases

```

Run the following commands to prepare the databases for the `messenger` and `notifier` applications.

You should only need to do this once, but you can do it again if you want to "reset" the data back to a clean state since these commands completely recreate the database.

> ## `messenger` DB Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `messenger` Database Setup

```
I like to avoid abbreviations in headers

```bash

> # This script creates the databse in postgres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This script creates the database
```

docker-compose exec -e PGDATABASE=postgres messenger node bin/create-db.mjs

# This script sets up the tables, constraints, and indexes
docker-compose exec messenger node bin/create-schema.mjs

> # This script writes seed data to the tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This script writes seed data to the tables
```

docker-compose exec messenger node bin/create-seed-data.mjs
```

> ## `notifier` DB Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `notifier` Database Setup

```

```bash

> # This script creates the databse in postgres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This script creates the database
```

docker-compose exec -e PGDATABASE=postgres notifier node bin/create-db.mjs

# This script sets up the tables, constraints, and indexes
docker-compose exec notifier node bin/create-schema.mjs

> # This script writes seed data to the tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This script writes seed data to the tables
```

docker-compose exec notifier node bin/create-seed-data.mjs
```

> ## Verify it's Working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Verify the Deployment is Working

```

> Now start tailing the `notifier` logs to see notifications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start tailing the `notifier` logs to see notifications:

```

```bash
docker-compose logs -f notifier
```

> Now you can create a conversation between two users and send some messages.  You should see information about the notifications going out in the notifier logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a new terminal window, create a conversation between two users and send some messages.  You should see information about the notifications going out in the notifier logs.
```

Author: "On a terminal window" reads slightly funny to me.  Can we do "In a new terminal window"?

```bash
# Create a conversation between user 1 and user 2

> curl -d '{"participant_ids": [1, 2]}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST http://localhost:80/conversations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -d '{"participant_ids": [1, 2]}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X 'POST http://localhost:80/conversations'
```
We either wrap all endpoints in quotes or we don't, but we need to be consistent. I don't have a strong opinion for one of the other. `curl` should work fine no matter what.

Author: Yeah I normally prefer no quotes but it's necessary if you have query params.  Let's go with quotes since if we ever need to add query params to these they will be consistent.

# User one sends a message to user two, user two gets notified
curl -d '{"content": "This is the first message"}' -H "User-Id: 1" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST 'http://localhost:80/conversations/1/messages'

# User two sends a message to user one, user one gets notified
curl -d '{"content": "This is the second message"}' -H "User-Id: 2" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST 'http://localhost:80/conversations/1/messages'

> 

Reviewer: I cannot figure out how to add three backticks as a suggestion here, but there should be three backticks here :p

> # See all the messages in the conversation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
# See all the messages in the conversation
```
Since folks might be copying the contents of the whole block, I think this should be a separate step altogether.

Author: Yeah fair point - let me chop it up.

curl -X GET http://localhost:80/conversations/1/messages

# Sample output
{
  "messages": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "content": "This is the first message",
      "user_id": "1",
      "channel_id": "1",
      "index": "1",
      "inserted_at": "2023-01-12T03:22:00.000Z",
      "username": "James Blanderphone"
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "content": "This is the second message",
      "user_id": "2",
      "channel_id": "1",
      "index": "2",
      "inserted_at": "2023-01-12T03:22:55.000Z",
      "username": "Normalavian Ropetoter"
    }
  ]
}
```

## Cleanup

> Once you are done playing with this microservices demo architecture, from this repository, stop the compose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are done playing with this microservices demo architecture, run:
```

We already mentioned earlier in the doc that users have to be in this directory to run the demo, so we shouldn't need to reiterate the repository line.
